Spotlight: Bugprove (#6645)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/spotlight/startup-bugprove.md

---
title: "How Bugprove uses influencer marketing to grow word of mouth"

> date: 2023-08-31

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2023-09-13
```

author: ["joe-martin"]
showTitle: true
rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-engineering-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Startups
---

> Each month, we speak to a team enrolled in [PostHog for Startups](/startups) about the way they work and the challenges they face. This month we spoke to Bugprove about their approach to developer and influencer marketing. 

> [Bugprove](https://bugprove.com/) is a firmware analysis platform for IoT devices which helps security researchers and manufacturers meet their compliance needs. Since 2022 it’s helped teams scan for vulnerabilities, fix them with AI, and monitor emerging threats. 

Reviewer: Our product launched in 2023 only. So we started working on it in 2022, but we only started helping people from February this year :)

Influencer marketing can be a tricky business due to the inherent friction between influencer and marketer. On the company side, you want influencers to say lots of nice things about your product and to give an effective, on-brand pitch. Yet influencers themselves also want to protect _their_ brand and don’t want to simply become company shills. 

The best route, according to Dora, is to let go of the reins and remember that influencers know their own audience best. 

“We had a funny moment that illustrates this,” says Dora. “We had an advertisement with [John Hammond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=zs86OYea8Wk) planned to go in the middle of a video. We watched, and it turned out great, but then the video continued and he decided to actually try Bugprove out.”

“So, he goes on, tries the tool, and we were just hoping that it would work well. Then he uses dark mode and we just weren’t ready for that at that point. It looked bad and our poor product designer almost fainted. Luckily, John found it funny and switched back to light mode and it worked great from then on. It was an authentic moment, so we were happy with it in the end.”

> (Bugprove has since made improvements to dark mode.)

Reviewer: Not yet, but on the roadmap to avoid such moments in the future :)

Author: ```suggestion
(Bugprove is planning to make improvements to dark mode in the near future.)
```
